About the job
Team Name

IT - Corporate Applications

Job Title

Senior Front-End Software Engineer

Requisition ID

R006222

Job Description

Blizzard Entertainment is seeking for an enthusiastic Senior Front-End Software Engineer to join our Corporate Applications group in Irvine, CA. You'll help build tools used every day at Blizzard for Game Production, Development, IT, Human Resources, Finance, QA, Internal Communications, and more!

Our engineers are highly collaborative to create epic and efficient applications used by Blizzard employees worldwide. They work closely together to share knowledge and push the department forward by learning from each other’s success and failures via group discussions, paired programming, mentoring, and embracing any technique that keeps us sustainably delivering quality software.

In addition to being talented engineers, our senior engineers are expected to spend a fair amount of their time aligning the team, mentoring engineers, and participating in architecture discussions to help make sure we're building the right tools in the most epic way possible.

Senior Engineers work closely with their Technical Lead and Engineering Leadership to commit to quality and deliver it consistently. They help track metrics so that we can have impactful sprints and they know when to communicate risks.

Our ideal candidate has a track record of delivering reliable and SOLID solutions, has found success (and failure!) with multiple different projects throughout their career, and measures their success through their team. They have a strong background in front-end development using modern frameworks, stack testing, & an aptitude for critical thinking and analysis. They welcome ambiguity and have a sense of ownership and responsibility for everything we produce.

Are you up for the challenge?

Requirements
5+ years of experience JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and modern web technologies
Experience with modern JavaScript framework such as VueJS, React etc.
Experience with JavaScript build tools (Webpack, Gulp, Rollup etc.)
Experience in Design and UX
Experience with automated testing methodologies
Experience working with legacy code and greenfield projects
Firm understanding of web development (Web Services, RESTful APIs)
Working knowledge of SDLC methodologies (Agile, Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban, etc.)
Comfortable working on cross-discipline teams (Engineering, Design, QA, etc.)
Proficient in writing technical documentation
Experience mentoring engineers via pairing, design review, and code reviews
Pluses
Proficiency in multiple programming languages
Comfortable with visualization frameworks (d3.js, Canvas)
Ability to contribute full stack. (.NET, SQL, NoSQL, GCP)
Required Application Materials
Resume
Cover Letter (optional)
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

COVID-19 Hiring Update: We’ve transitioned to a work-from-home model and we’re continuing to interview and hire during this time. This role is expected to begin as a remote position. We understand each person’s circumstances may be unique and will work with you to explore possible interim options.

Blizzard Entertainment is a global company committed to growing our employees along with the business. We offer generous benefits and perks with an eye on providing true work / life balance. We’ve worked hard to foster an intensely collaborative and creative environment, a diverse and inclusive employee culture, and training and opportunity for professional growth. Our people are everything. Our core values are real, and our mission has never changed. We are dedicated to creating the most epic entertainment experiences…ever. Join us!